SublimeLinter/README.md, before:

SublimeLinter
=============

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter3/master.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter3)
[![codecov.io](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter3/master.svg)](http://codecov.io/github/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter3?branch=master)

**LINTERS ARE *NOT* INCLUDED WITH SUBLIMELINTER**

Please read the [installation documentation](http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/installation.html)!

## About SublimeLinter
A framework for interactive code linting in the [Sublime Text 3](http://sublimetext.com/3) editor. The Sublime Text 2 version is no longer being supported; you can find it [here](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter).

**Documentation:** See it on [readthedocs.org](https://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org).

**Support & Bugs:** Please use the [issue tracker](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter3/issues) to report installation and configuration problems. If you think you have found a bug, please search for it on the deprecated [SublimeLinter google group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/sublimelinter) first, and if it can't be found you can report it on the [issue tracker](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter3/issues). Please be sure to put your OS, SublimeLinter version, and **ENTIRE** debug console output in the issue. If your issue is specific to a particular linter, please report it on that linter's repository instead.

**Contributing:** If you would like to submit a fix or enhancement for SublimeLinter, please read the [contributing guidelines](https://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/contributing.html) first.

## Key Bindings

SublimeLinter comes with several pre-defined keyboard shortcuts. You can customize these via the Package Settings menu\*. Read more about keybindings in [the unofficial documentation](http://docs.sublimetext.info/en/latest/customization/key_bindings.html)

| Command         | Linux & Windows  | MacOS                  |
|-----------------|------------------|------------------------|
| Lint            | CTRL + K, L      | CTRL + CMD + L         |
| Next Error      | CTRL + K, N      | CTRL + CMD + E         |
| Prev. Error     | CTRL + K, P      | CTRL + CMD + SHIFT + E |
| Show All Errors | CTRL + K, A      | CTRL + CMD + A         |
| Toggle Linter   | CTRL + K, T      | CTRL + CMD + T         |

\*) Other packages might override these key bindings, and they could override those defined by others. Your personal keybindings have the final say over what binding does what, so edit these if something doesn't work as you expect.

## Share the love!
Hundreds of hours have been spent writing and documenting SublimeLinter to make it the best it can be — easy to use, easy to configure, easy to update, easy to extend. If you use SublimeLinter and feel it is making your coding life better and easier, please consider making a donation to help fund development and support. Thank you!

Donate via: 
* [**Paypal**](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=FK7SKD3X8N7BU)
* [**Bitcoin (Coinbase)**](https://www.coinbase.com/groteworld)

## Contributing linter plugins
Please see the documentation on [creating linter plugins](https://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/creating_a_linter.html) for more information.

Commit message:

Add new php package and key bindings for autocomplete

SublimeLinter/README.md, after:

SublimeLinter
=============

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter3/master.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter3)

**Linters not included**

SublimeLinter is a framework for interactive code linting in [Sublime Text 3](http://sublimetext.com/3).

[Documentation on readthedocs.org](https://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org).


## SublimeLinter 4 beta

We're making big improvements to how SublimeLinter works. You can read more about it [here](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter3/blob/next/messages/4.0.0-rc.1.txt) and track our progress in [PR #666](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter3/pull/666). PRs with contributions are welcome on the `next` branch.

Participate in the beta right now by editing your Package Control preferences and adding SublimeLinter to the "install_prereleases" key:  
```json
"install_prereleases":
[
  "SublimeLinter"
]
```

If you want to use **SublimeLinter-flake8** during the beta, you need to add it to the "install_prereleases" as well. Most other linter plugins should be compatible.

*Disclaimer: there will be bugs and we will make changes that will break your workflow, but it's pretty awesome otherwise*


## Key Bindings

SublimeLinter comes with several pre-defined keyboard shortcuts. You can customize these via the Package Settings menu\*. Read more about keybindings in [the unofficial documentation](http://docs.sublimetext.info/en/latest/customization/key_bindings.html)

| Command         | Linux & Windows  | MacOS                  |
|-----------------|------------------|------------------------|
| Lint            | CTRL + K, L      | CTRL + CMD + L         |
| Next Error      | CTRL + K, N      | CTRL + CMD + E         |
| Prev. Error     | CTRL + K, P      | CTRL + CMD + SHIFT + E |
| Show All Errors | CTRL + K, A      | CTRL + CMD + A         |
| Toggle Linter   | CTRL + K, T      | CTRL + CMD + T         |


## Support & Bugs

Please use the debug mode and include all console output, and your settings in your bug report. If your issue is specific to a particular linter, please report it on that linter's repository instead.


## Contributing linter plugins
Please see the documentation on [creating linter plugins](https://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/creating_a_linter.html) for more information.

---------------------------

If you use SublimeLinter and feel it is making your coding life better and easier, please consider making a donation to help fund development and support. Thank you!

Donate via: 
* [**Paypal**](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=FK7SKD3X8N7BU)
* [**Bitcoin (Coinbase)**](https://www.coinbase.com/groteworld)
